Update billing support faq with changes (#2379)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/billing.md

## Support FAQ 

**Q. Why do I need to add credits? What can I use them for?**

> A. Credits let you use HF pay-as-you-go services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. Credits let you use Hugging Face pay-as-you-go services:
```
